docs: add EvaDB (#4100)
awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted: README.md

- [Limbas](https://www.limbas.com/en/) - Limbas is a database framework for creating database-driven business applications. As a graphical database frontend, it enables the efficient processing of data stocks and the flexible development of comfortable database applications. ([Source Code](https://github.com/limbas/limbas)) `GPL-2.0` `PHP`
- [Mathesar](https://mathesar.org/) - An intuitive UI for managing data collaboratively, for users of all technical skill levels. Built on Postgres – connect an existing DB or set up a new one. ([Demo](https://demo.mathesar.org/), [Source Code](https://github.com/centerofci/mathesar)) `GPL-3.0` `Docker/Python`
- [MindsDB](https://mindsdb.com/) - MindsDB is an open source self hosted AI layer for existing databases that allows you to effortlessly develop, train and deploy state-of-the-art machine learning models using standard queries. ([Source Code](https://github.com/mindsdb/mindsdb)) `GPL-3.0` `Docker/Python`

> - [EvaDB](https://evadb.readthedocs.io) - EvaDB is an open source self hosted AI layer for existing database systems that allows you to use state-of-the-art AI models using standard queries. ([Source Code](https://github.com/georgia-tech-db/evadb)) `Apache` `Docker/Python`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [EvaDB](https://evadb.readthedocs.io) - An AI layer for existing database systems that allows you to use state-of-the-art AI models using standard queries. ([Source Code](https://github.com/georgia-tech-db/evadb)) `Apache-2.0` `Docker/Python`
```
